some guys kind of things Angela said us
wanna do a review of my fire room jco I
think I've been asking me about the
vibrance so the ones that I have guys is
the Bakula there's a model of it it's
the first running the running model for
vitamins fivefingers itself now let's
get to it
I've had this for about four months now
and it's been really well if you can see
it's still clean and I use it a lot easy
every time I work out a run of the
inside is times Airy but it's the yellow
so that's good the bottom part is it's
pretty clean still they're really good
guys in my opinion personally if you
guys have watched my old videos I used
to use a shoe that's similar to the
trucks that the Chuck Taylors my
converse real flat-footed those are the
red ones if you guys remember those from
my old videos guys shy the 10 Y mile
subscribers out there but um yeah those
were getting dirty so I was looking for
a shoe and then I saw Matt Ogas uses he
recommend this to me actually so I
decided to give it a shot I went to a
running store I went already store down
here where I live at called zombie
Runner and I got one of these I got
these for $73 I think which was on sale
because roughly they're about $80 $90 so
I've got these enough where I'm for my
squad Daedalus military press and
throughout basically now it's really low
to the ground esse is very minimal so
well viable well I was aiming to be is
basically like so that you run barefoot
it it's more natural apparently that's
what they say because you struck with
your forefoot instead of the heel so all
of this is straight
rubber all around us and see that it's
low with a soft cloth at the top and the
nice velcro at the top also it's really
low to the ground acts as I said before
what I like about them is when you go
and deadlift or squat or military press
your foot if you guys see right there
it's really like it's Robert so you'll
really see sticks to the ground there's
no
they're still swinging back and forth
that goes slipping slipping on the gym
floor itself so you really start you on
the ground you can really use all your
all the points on your foot whenever you
lift especially if you guys lose quite
heavy also you guys do that especially
if you use ready shoots especially with
those regular Nikes or adidas or deep
balances or any of those that has like
heel you don't have time about when you
squat you tend to when you go up you
tend to this way a little bit you Tina
shake that happens because your foot has
a lot of cushion at the bottom and it's
so high up off the ground that you tend
to punish like this instead of just
straight to the ground so I really
recommend if you guys are looking for
something that's dirty now they're easy
to clean too I just
either put them in my machine washer and
just wash it with my clothes or just
wash them myself in the sink or
something and they dry very quickly
after one day um the bad thing on today
is if you guys have up older feed odor I
mean these things do make your feet
smell bad but um other than that guys I
really recommend these give it a shot I
recommend going to your local store I
don't think you can buy this in a big
brand stores such as full like your
finish line or anything like that you
have to go to our API or an outdoor shop
more or any store they'll have them so
give it a shot I'm sure you like them
for a listing and for Arnie you where
they live you're a runner out there I'm
sure you know this you can run with the
5 fingers before you will feel a lot of
soreness the next day on your calves and
your ankles hell hope you guys enjoy a
check them out again this is a fun vibe
5 fingers but Kela model is the older
model of other net thank you guys for
everything I hope you guys have a go on
hope you guys enjoyed the video
god bless you guys peace